doc: nrf5340audio: add docs for new apps (#37)
alexsven/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/broadcast_sink/README.rst

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF5340 Audio broadcast sink application implements the :ref:`BIS headset mode <nrf53_audio_app_overview>`.
In this mode, receiving broadcast audio happens using Broadcast Isochronous Stream (BIS) and Broadcast Isochronous Group (BIG).

The following limitations apply to this application:

* One BIG, one of the two BIS streams (selectable).
* Audio output: I2S/Analog headset output.
* Configuration: 16 bit, several bit rates ranging from 32 kbps to 124 kbps.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_requirements:

Requirements
************

The application shares the :ref:`requirements common to all nRF5340 Audio application <nrf53_audio_app_requirements>`.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_ui:

User interface
**************

Most of the user interface mappings are common across all nRF5340 Audio applications.
See the :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_ui` page for detailed overview.

This application uses specific mapping for the following user interface elements:

* Pressed on the broadcast sink device during playback:

  * **PLAY/PAUSE** - Starts or pauses listening to the stream.
  * **VOL-** - Turns the playback volume down (and unmutes).

>   * **VOL+** - Turns the playback volume up (and unmutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **VOL-** - Turns the playback volume down.
  * **VOL+** - Turns the playback volume up.
```

Author: Also edited in user_interface.rst.

>   * **BTN 4** - Changes audio stream, if more than one is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * **BTN 4** - Changes audio stream (different BIS), if more than one is available.
```

  * **BTN 5** - Changes the gateway, if more than one is available.

* **LED1**:

  * Blinking blue on headset: Devices have started streaming audio (BIS mode).

>   * Solid blue on the BIS headset: Devices have synchronized with a broadcasted stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Blinking blue: Devices have started streaming audio (BIS mode).
  * Solid blue: Devices have synchronized with a broadcasted stream.
```

Reviewer: Might be better to swap the order of them as well, so solid first, then blinking

>   * Solid blue on the BIS headset: Devices have synchronized with a broadcasted stream.

Reviewer 2: I need to double check.

* **RGB1**:

  * Solid blue - The device is programmed as the left headset.
  * Solid magenta - The device is programmed as the right headset.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_configuration:

Configuration
*************

See :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_configuration` and :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_fota` for configuration options common to all nRF5340 Audio applications.

For information about how to configure applications in the |NCS|, see :ref:`modifying`.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_building:

Building and running
********************

This application can be found under :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/broadcast_sink` in the nRF Connect SDK folder structure.

The nRF5340 Audio DK comes preprogrammed with basic firmware that indicates if the kit is functional.
See :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_dk_testing_out_of_the_box` for more information.

To build the application, see :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_building`.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_testing:

> Testing

Reviewer 2: We should split this section into two parts as well. One for testing with another audio DK and another for external/other vendors.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app:

nRF5340 Audio: Broadcast sink
#############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF5340 Audio broadcast sink application implements the :ref:`BIS headset mode <nrf53_audio_app_overview>`.

In this mode, receiving broadcast audio happens using Broadcast Isochronous Stream (BIS) and Broadcast Isochronous Group (BIG).

> The broadcast audio synchronizes and unsynchronizes with the stream.

Reviewer: This is a weird sentence, not sure what it is trying to say, the stream is the broadcasted audio. Suggest we remove it.

The following limitations apply to this application:

* One BIG, one of the two BIS streams (selectable).
* Audio output: I2S/Analog headset output.
* Configuration: 16 bit, several bit rates ranging from 32 kbps to 124 kbps.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_requirements:

Requirements
************

The application shares the :ref:`requirements common to all nRF5340 Audio application <nrf53_audio_app_requirements>`.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_ui:

User interface
**************

This application uses specific mapping for the following user interface elements:

> * **VOL-** - Pressed on the headset or the CIS gateway during playback: Turns the playback volume down (and unmutes).

Reviewer: Missing \*\***PLAY/PAUSE****

Reviewer: Also change to: 
```suggestion
* **VOL-** - Pressed on thebroadcast_sink during playback: Turns the playback volume down (and unmutes).
```

Author: > Missing ****PLAY/PAUSE****

This is common to all apps, so I didn't mention it here. I moved lines about common mappings earlier to make this clearer.

> * **VOL+** - Pressed on the headset or the CIS gateway during playback: Turns the playback volume up (and unmutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **VOL+** - Pressed on the broadcast_sink during playback: Turns the playback volume up (and unmutes).
```

> * **BTN 4** - Pressed on a BIS headset during playback: Change audio stream, if more than one is available.

Reviewer: All instances of `BIS headset` should be replaced by `broadcast_sink`

* **BTN 5** - Pressed on a BIS headset during playback: Change the gateway, if more than one is available.
* **LED1**:

>   * Blinking blue on headset: Kits have started streaming audio (BIS and CIS modes).

Reviewer: Should not mention CIS mode here

>   * Solid blue on the BIS headset: Kits have found a broadcasting stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Solid blue on the BIS headset: Kits have synchronized with a broadcasted stream.
```

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_building:

Building and running
********************

This application can be found under :file:`applications/nrf5340_audio/broadcast_sink` in the nRF Connect SDK folder structure.

The nRF5340 Audio DK comes preprogrammed with basic firmware that indicates if the kit is functional.
See :ref:`nrf53_audio_app_dk_testing_out_of_the_box` for more information.

To build the application, follow the |NCS|'s :ref:`standard methods for building and programming applications <programming>` and for :ref:`modifying them <modifying>`.

You can use the following application-specific parameters to customize the building process:

+-------------------+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+
| Coommand          | Parameter                       | Description                                                     |
+===================+=================================+=================================================================+
| ``west build``    | ``-DSHIELD=nrf21540ek_fwd``     | Adds :ref:`FEM support <nrf53_audio_app_adding_FEM_support>`.   |

> +-------------------+---------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: Doesn't make sense to use a FEM on a broadcast_sink, it only benefits TX

Author: Removed lines.

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_testing:

Testing
*******

<VERIFY>

.. _nrf53_audio_broadcast_sink_app_testing_steps_bis:

Testing the BIS mode
====================

> Testing the BIS mode is identical to Testing the default CIS mode, except for the following differences:

Reviewer: Not sure if we should make the customer read the CIS user guide to be able to use the BIS related code

Author: What would be the testing steps for this device after the rework?

* You can play the audio stream with different audio settings on the receivers.
  For example, you can decrease or increase the volume separately for each receiver during playback.
* When pressing the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on a headset, the streaming state only changes for that given headset.
* Pressing the **PLAY/PAUSE** button on the gateway will respectively start or stop the stream for all headsets listening in.
* Pressing the **BTN 4** button on a headset will change the active audio stream.
  The default configuration of the BIS mode supports two audio streams (left and right).
* Pressing the **BTN 5** button on a headset will change the gateway source for the audio stream.
  If a second gateway is not present, the headset will not play audio.

Dependencies
************

.. note::
   The following lists mention the most important dependencies.
   For the full list, check the application's Kconfig options.
   All dependencies are automatically included.

The application uses the following |NCS| components:

* :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme`
* :ref:`lib_contin_array`
* :ref:`lib_pcm_mix`

> * :ref:`lib_tone`

Reviewer: Not used

Author: You mean the lib_tone or all the elements in the list?

Reviewer: I meant the lib_tone only, but at the moment I don't think it will use contin_array or pcm_mix either

This application uses the following `nrfx`_ libraries:

* :file:`nrfx_clock.h`
* :file:`nrfx_gpiote.h`
* :file:`nrfx_timer.h`
* :file:`nrfx_dppi.h`
* :file:`nrfx_i2s.h`
* :file:`nrfx_ipc.h`
* :file:`nrfx_nvmc.h`

The application also depends on the following Zephyr libraries:

* :ref:`zephyr:logging_api`
* :ref:`zephyr:kernel_api`
* :ref:`zephyr:zbus`
* :ref:`zephyr:api_peripherals`:

   * :ref:`zephyr:usb_api`

> 

Reviewer: USB is not used on broadcast_sink

Author: Removed.
